I remember when we stocked up, the first time
Saying "This is it we have enough". Cuz like
We bought enough cheese for a month. And we're
running out of space. Well
Then you come around again and say, "Baby,
It's not enough we have to make a change, let's go
get an extra fridge installed today." I say
"That's crazy. Let's do it." we do it. It's awesome.
OooooOOOoooohhhh
We bought 2 blocks again last night.
This time, I'm telling youI'm telling you
We are never ever ever running out of Cheddar.
We'll buy some from Whole Foods
Some from TJsget some free.
We are never ever ever ever running out of Cheddar.
Like, ever.
Not really going to miss that creeping fright, that we
run out in the middle of the night, and you
panic drown your sorrows in wine, cuz we
ran out of the one thing that lets us be fine.
OooooOOOoooohhhh
We bought 2 blocks again last night
This time, I'm telling youI'm telling you
We are never ever ever running out of Cheddar.
We'll buy some from Whole Foods
Some from TJs,get some free.
We are never ever ever ever running out of Cheddar.
OooooOOOoooohhhhOooooOOOoooohhhh